src/site/photos.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/photos-landing.njk
title: Photos from my travels
icon: far fa-image
featuredGalleryName: Maine 2019
featuredGalleryIntro: My wife and I have been going to Maine for the past 5 summers. We usually fly into Portland, ME. Spend a few nights there enjoying the city and the fabulous food scene the and then head about 3 hours north to Deer Isle. This years trip was highlighted with a opportunity to eat at The Lost Kitchen in Freedom, ME
featuredGalleryPhoto: maine/maine-2019.jpg
featuredGalleryurl: /photos/maine-summer-2019/
pg1name: Malawi
pg1url: /photos/malawi-boat-safari/
pg1image: /images/photos/malawi-safari/malawi-boat-safari-2.jpg
pg2name: Brooklyn Botanical Gardens
pg2url: /photos/brooklyn-botanical-gardens/
pg2image: /images/photos/Brooklyn-botanical/2015-05-03-NYC-123.jpg
---

I love to take photos - who doesn't, well I guess there are some who don't. I take a lot of photos when I travel but also when I am commuting to work, cooking & just doing things around town.

Commit message:

Added new Capital Walk photo gallery

src/site/photos.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/photos-landing.njk
title: Photos from my travels
icon: far fa-image
featuredGalleryName: My Capital Walk
featuredGalleryIntro: For the past 5+ years, I have been commuting to Washington, DC a few days a week to do design work for various US federal government agencies. I take the commuter train from Baltimore early in the morning and then usually walk to whatever agency I am doing work for. For the past several years I have been working for USPS so my walk from Union Station takes me past the US Capital. I have been documenting this walk.
featuredGalleryPhoto: US-capital/us-capital-2019-featured.jpg
featuredGalleryurl: /photos/capital-walk-2019/
pg1name: Malawi
pg1url: /photos/malawi-boat-safari/
pg1image: /images/photos/malawi-safari/malawi-boat-safari-2.jpg
pg2name: Brooklyn Botanical Gardens
pg2url: /photos/brooklyn-botanical-gardens/
pg2image: /images/photos/Brooklyn-botanical/2015-05-03-NYC-123.jpg
pg3name: Maine summer 2019
pg3url: /photos/maine-summer-2019/
pg3image: /images/photos/maine/maine-2019.jpg
---

I love to take photos - who doesn't, well I guess there are some who don't. I take a lot of photos when I travel but also when I am commuting to work, cooking & just doing things around town.
